Influxdb: add more details about db name (#46)
omnivector-solutions/osd-documentation: operations/accounting-profiling.rst

   $ juju config slurmctld acct-gather-frequency="task=30"

In this scenario, ``slurmctld`` will setup everything needed to collect and

> save the metrics, which include creating a database in InfluxDB. The name of

Reviewer: I think it would flow better to break this up into another sentence:

```suggestion
save the metrics. This includes creating a database in InfluxDB. The name of
```

the database is the name of the cluster, as set in ``slurmctld``'s
configuration ``cluster-name``.

Data saved
----------

> Slurm collects profiling metrics at a frequency specified in ``slurmctld``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slurm collects profiling metrics at a frequency specified in the ``slurmctld``
```
